{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}{\stylesheet{\snext0 Normal;}}{\info{\creatim\yr1994\mo5\dy3\hr18\min40}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}{\vern16421}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1190\margr1190\margt1701\margb1701\gutter0 
\deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\hyphhotz425 \sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere \pard\plain {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} idFlt_meth}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Filter Method}
} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} Filter Method;method (filter)}} {\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} flt:0}} {\fs28 Filter Method}{\fs28 
\par }{\fs28 
\par }This system contains a filtered version of Ralf Brown's Interrupt List. The filter program is Ralf Brown's INTPRINT program.
\par 
\par The {\uldb Filter File}{\v idFlt_file} is a simple text file containing include lines, exclude lines, and comment lines.  Include lines start with a plus sign (+) in the first column, followed immediately by the des
ired string; exclude lines start with a minus sign (-) in the first column, followed immediately by the desired string.  Comment lines start with a hash mark (#) in the first column and are ignored.
\par 
\par Only entries whose title lines contain at least one of the include lines (ignoring uppercase/lowercase distinctions) and none of the exclude lines are processed.
\par 
\par All spaces on include and exclude lines are significant.  Thus,
\par \tab + DOS
\par will only match entries containing the four-letter sequence " DOS",
\par while
\par \tab +DOS
\par will match any entries containing the sequence "DOS", whether or not it is preceded by a blank.
\par 
\par See {\uldb Filter File}{\v idFlt_file}.
\par 
\par }