{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\f4\fs20\lang2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\sb120 \f4\lang2057 \snext15 Base;}{\s16 \f4\fs28\lang2057 \snext16 Banner Base;}{\s17\li-144 \f4\fs12\lang2057 \sbasedon16\snext17 
Button Bar;}{\s18\fi-360\li360\sb120\tx360 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon15\snext18 List1;}{\s19\fi-360\li720\sb120\tx720 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon15\snext19 List2;}{\s20\fi-360\li1080\sb120\tx1080 \f4\lang2057 \sbasedon15\snext20 List3;}{\*\cs21 \additive\super 
\sbasedon10 endnote reference;}{\*\cs22 \additive\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s23 \f4\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext23 footnote text;}}{\info{\author Bent Lynggaard}{\creatim\yr1997\mo12\dy2\hr21\min44}{\version1}{\edmins1}{\nofpages0}
{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49213}}\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709 {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s16\keepn \f4\fs28\lang2057 
{\cs22\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20\lang2057 {\cs22\super $}{\f5\fs24  Table Search Details}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20\lang2057 {\cs22\super #}{\f5\fs24  idTableDetails}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \f4\fs20\lang2057 {\cs22\super K}{\f5\fs24 
 Table Search Details}}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s23 \f4\fs20\lang2057 {\cs22\super +} ts:2}} Table Search Details{\f5\fs24 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\sb120 \f4\lang2057 Because of WinHelp 4.00's {\uldb limited keyword capacity}{\v HHwin95}
 the table keywords (#nnnn) have been removed from the standard keyword table and moved to their own keyword table so IntWin's normal keyword table is still below WinHelp's keyword limit.
\par The file "seckey.dll" or "seckey32.dll" must be present in intwin.hlp's directory or in the windows\\system directory for this facility to work.
\par To find a table you need to enter its four digit number (use leading zeroes if needed) in the window that opens when you click on the "Enter a table number" hotspot on the {\uldb #Table Search}{\v idTableSearch}
 page. This opens a new help file window with the desired table topic. This is inconvenient, but it works and allows IntWin still to grow despite WinHelp's limitations.
\par Thanks to Neil J. Rubenking of PC Magazine for suggestions leading to this solution.
\par You must enter a number within the range of tables in the input window or you will get an error message stating an error in IntWin.hlp. Do {\i not} contact your vendor due to such message.
\par The 16 bits seckey.dll is compatible with Windows 3.1x, Windows 95 and Windows NT's 16 bits WinHelp.exe program. The 32 bits seckey32.dll is compatible with Windows 95 and Windows NT's 32 bits WinHlp32.exe program.
\par One new help window opens when you first use this facility to search for tables. Seckey.dll allows successive searches to use the same window, also if they are started from the new window. S
eckey32.dll requires you to close the new window before you can execute a new search from the original IntWin help window. Concider instead using the {\uldb Tables}{\v idTables} topic.
\par Sorry for the inconvenience this brings. Blame Microsoft for the troubles. Suggestions for better solutions are most welcome via e-mail to Bent Lynggaard. Please find my e-mail address in the {\uldb Credits}{\v idCredits} topic.
\par The Alternative-Keyword-Table facility can be turned on or off at compile time under configuration file or option control, see {\uldb Compile Time Configuration}{\v HHcompilation}.
\par It is also inconvenient that this information is not part of  the #Table Search page. The reason is that the #Table Search page needs dynamic information created during the compilation of the Interrupt List, whereas this long information text is simply in
cluded as a static source file.
\par {\uldb Previous page}{\v !back()}
\par }