---
layout: post
title: Prelude
date: 2020-05-17 11:00:00
permalink: /maplebar/blog/2020/05/17/
---

This is the "history" of the BASICDOS, the first version of DOS that *might*
have been created for the IBM PC.

In this alternate timeline, the year is 1980, but we also have the remarkable
ability to see more clearly into the future.  For example, we suspect that
within just a few years, higher capacity diskettes and hard disks will become
popular, and so maybe we can make some early design decisions about the FAT
file system that will smooth the way for those improvements.

We also predict that people will be constantly looking for ways to multitask
more effectively with their PCs.  They'll be looking for ways to run programs
in the background, using TSRs, and toggling between two or more foreground
programs, using crude task-switchers.

We've also noticed some interesting similarities between DOS and BASIC.  BASIC
has a BASIC interpreter, DOS has a command interpreter.  And it seems clear
that the DOS command interpreter will want to become more like BASIC, featuring
a "batch" language with variables and commands like FOR, IF, GOTO, and PR...
-- um, ECHO.  If only we could instead have some sort of "combined" interpreter
that not only eliminated the overhead of two separate interpreters but was also
more powerful than either interpreter by itself.

BASIC is a powerful built-in productivity tool -- which would be even more
powerful if:

 - it was faster
 - it wasn't limited to 64K
 - it supported 32-bit ("long") integers, not just 16-bit integers

In other words, wouldn't it be great if BASIC took *full* advantage of the
8088 processor, instead of pertuating limitations that were inherent in other
microprocessors at that time (eg, the 6502 and 8080)?

In addition, BASIC comes with its own built-in full-screen text editor, yet
sadly that editor is suitable only for BASIC files.  What if it could do more,
without reimplementing all the basic line-editing features that are also built
into the operating system?  We know we could ship a really lame editor, like
EDLIN, but maybe we could do better....

